README.md, before:

# The News Aggregator app

This app was built using Next.js.

## Getting Started

First, clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo-name.git

cd your-repo-name
```

You will first need API keys from `News API`, `The Guardian API`, and `New York Times API`.

Please follow their documentation to get an API Key:

- [News API](https://newsapi.org/docs/get-started)
- [The Guardian API](https://open-platform.theguardian.com/access/)
- [New York Times API](https://developer.nytimes.com/apis)

Now, with the API keys ready, you'll need to fill out the environment variables `API keys` keys accordingly.

First, make a copy of the `.env.example` file and rename it to `.env.local`, and open `.env.local`.

```bash
# News API
NEWS_API_KEY="<your key for News API>"
# The Guardian API
THE_GUARDIAN_API_KEY="<your key for The Guardian>"
# New York Times API
NYT_API_KEY="<your key for New York Times>"
NYT_API_SECRET="<your secret for News API>"
NYT_APP_ID="<your app id for News API>"
```

Commit message:

feat: readme app running locally

README.md, after:

# The News Aggregator app

This app was built using Next.js.

## Getting Started

First, clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ceduardogodoi/innoscripta-news-aggregator

cd innoscripta-news-aggregator
```

You will first need API keys from `News API`, `The Guardian API`, and `New York Times API`.

Please follow their documentation to get an API Key:

- [News API](https://newsapi.org/docs/get-started)
- [The Guardian API](https://open-platform.theguardian.com/access/)
- [New York Times API](https://developer.nytimes.com/apis)

Now, with the API keys ready, you'll need to fill out the environment variables `API keys` keys accordingly.

First, make a copy of the `.env.example` file and rename it to `.env.local`, and open `.env.local`.

```bash
# News API
NEWS_API_KEY="<your key for News API>"
# The Guardian API
THE_GUARDIAN_API_KEY="<your key for The Guardian>"
# New York Times API
NYT_API_KEY="<your key for New York Times>"
NYT_API_SECRET="<your secret for News API>"
NYT_APP_ID="<your app id for News API>"
```

## Running the app locally

```bash
npm run dev
```

If you have correctly configured the previous step you will have the app up and running.

Open a browser of you preference and go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000); you will see the app running:

![App Running](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d2822cb8-9867-4479-bd05-a8b56b376ec8)
